If you don't want to talk about peace, you can't say that you're not going to disarm the army.
You can't do it.
It's simple.
But you still can't admit it.
If you don't want to,
you can't say that you're not going to disarm the army.
It's strange. You're fighting a battle.
You're still talking about the control.
You don't want to talk about peace.
Why do you call for disarmation?
It's not like you're trying to cause trouble for us.
You can't do it.
It's taking advantage of its own interests,
the interests of the country.
It's taking advantage of the interests of the country
to give the third world a chance to save its leaders.
It's the Communist Party that's been suffering for the past few years,
who's been given a chance to be the leader.
It's clear that there's hope for peace.
It's clear that there's no freedom for the country.
We need to fight back.
Peace is a big threat.
Of course, it's a big obstacle.
But what can we do?
It's not like it can fight back alone.
We can always fight back.
But what if we're defeated?
We can't get back peace?
I don't think so.
We've come up with a solution.
This solution is the biggest goal I've talked about with you tonight.
How?
In my opinion,
it's important that the people in the front line,
the people in the rear line,
and the people in the front line understand that there's hope for peace.
Peace is a condition that can be used to protect the independence of the country.
If we can do that,
we can save the people's lives.
We can save the people's lives.
We can raise the first step to achieve peace.